AWS Observability centralized/hub page info added (#3419)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/faq.md

### Is there a demo of the solution?

> See the [Sumo Logic AWS Observability demo video](https://www.sumologic.com/video/aws-observability-demo/) for a demo of the solution.

Reviewer: I'd remove one of the video links, otherwise it introduces confusion

```suggestion
See the Sumo Logic AWS Observability video below for a demo of the solution.
```

Reviewer 2: Done, @kimsauce.
